[WIP] Update eventing debugging docs to 0 6 (#1478)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/debugging/README.md

## Version

This document works with

> [Eventing 0.6](https://github.com/knative/eventing/releases/tag/v0.6.0) and

Reviewer: Any chance we can use 0.7.0 or 0.7.1 instead?

I realize that this is only because the review has been so slow, so feel free to say we can do it in a follow up.

## Where are my events?

> You can check if events were delivered by lokking int logs of sunscribers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check if events were delivered by looking in the logs of subscribers.
```

```

> kubectl -n knative-debug get pods

Reviewer: I would put this after the next section, which has the command to get the logs.

NAME                                             READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
apiserversource-src-skzlm-54c6bbdccd-w27ms       1/1     Running   0          19m
event-display-prxh4-deployment-89c744b59-kv8zt   2/2     Running   0          91s
fn-bfb44f975-2s68r                               1/1     Running   0          64m

kubectl -n knative-debug -c user-container logs event-display-prxh4-deployment-89c744b59-45d8g|less
☁️  CloudEvent: valid ✅

> Context Attributes,

Reviewer: This is a _really_ long event. What if we switch the ApiServerSource to something much simpler than a Pod, e.g. a K8s Service. We can still create and delete it on the command line easily and the generated event will be much shorter.

##### Source Controller

> Each Source will have its own Controller. `src` is a `ApiServerSource`, so

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Source will have its own Controller. `src` is an `ApiServerSource`, so
```

its Controller is:

> ```shell

Reviewer: This shell command is out of date. It should be

```shell
kubectl --namespace knative-eventing get pod -l app=sources-controller
```

This is actually a single binary that runs multiple Source Controllers,
importantly including [ContainerSource Controller](#containersource-controller).

The `ApiServerSource` is fairly simple, as it delegates all functionality

> to an underlying [ContainerSource](#containersource), so there is likely no

Reviewer: I don't think this is accurate any longer (although I am looking at head, so it may have still been accurate as of 0.6).

Reviewer 2: The ApiServerSource (new in 0.6) is not based on ContainerSource.
